Update deprecation message for legacy text index providers. (#370)
neo4j/docs-status-codes: modules/ROOT/pages/notifications/all-notifications.adoc

- The query used a deprecated function. (`%s`)
- The query used a deprecated procedure. (`%s`)
- The query used a deprecated runtime option. (`%s`)
- `text-1.0`, `text-2.0` providers for text indexes are deprecated and will be removed in a future version. Please use `text-3.0` instead.

> Please use `TrigramIndexProvider.DESCRIPTOR.name()` instead.

Reviewer: Should we keep the line 1579?

Author: oj smt happened with that in the inline editor from the github and line was resurrected somehow. 
It should be removed, cleaning up.

- The query used a deprecated function. (`%s`)
- The query used a deprecated procedure. (`%s`)
- The query used a deprecated runtime option. (`%s`)

> - `text-1.0`, `text-2.0` providers for text indexes are deprecated and will be removed in a future version. Please use `text-3.0` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  label:new[Changed in 2025.09] `text-1.0`, `text-2.0` providers for text indexes are deprecated and will be removed in a future version. Please use `text-3.0` instead.
```

> -  label:new[Changed in 2025.09] `text-1.0`, `text-2.0` providers for text indexes are deprecated and will be removed in a future version. Please use `text-3.0` instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  `text-1.0` and `text-2.0` (from Neo4j 2025.09 onwards) providers for text indexes are deprecated and will be removed in a future version.
Please use `text-3.0` instead.
```
